Last but not least we'll go ahead and cover best practices now whenever E6 was originally being defined
and mapped out there was kind of a wide held belief that by default you should use the variables and
only use Konst whenever you're sure that you don't need the variable to change the value of the variable.
I should say now the weird thing about it is as more and more people got their hands on six kind of
the reverse happened and the best practice that really started to gain a lot of traction was to use
Konst by default.
And then only use less when you know that your initial value should change over time.
And the reason for this is people the idea or the rationale behind it is that once a value is initial
once a variable is initialized that value shouldn't change because unexpected value changes are a source
of bugs.
So it's definitely an idea worth exploring to use Consta by default.
And then only use variables whenever you're sure that you want the variable or the value I should say
to change over time.
But with that being said that's pretty much it for variables in iOS 6 Let's go ahead and move on to
some other cool stuff.